# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

In the console.

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

In the functions we call in the model.

Q3. In console.rb, which lines modify the database?

None of them directly but The lines which call functions... .save, .delete etc alter it.

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

because that decision is made by the database.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

It is assigned by exec_prepared when we call the ID.

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

Do that if it is not present it is not assigned to any object.

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

Class methods are used to applied actions to all elements of a database while instances are applied to specific instances.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

An array of hashes. Not sure.

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

To clean the data we are sending to the database.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?
strings

Q11. What are their return values?
arrays
